What a good show.
It’s all my fault.
I brought Xiaojie into the palace.
I didn’t know he was so cruel.
My own kin.
I...
I really regret it.
Imperial Physician.
How did I not notice his leniency in the past life?
Such a pity.
If Ruofeng had taken all the blame before his death,
the consort would only be accused of mismanagement.
Your Majesty, Consort Yan fainted
because of overthinking and sorrow, leading to her illness.
Since Consort Yan is so exhausted,
she should stay in Zhongcui Palace and not come out.
From today onward,
remove Consort Mei.
Consort, Consort, Consort!
Fortunately, I prepared something in advance.
But the Emperor is surprisingly generous.
Since the truth has come out,
I will take my leave first.
The Inner Court still has matters for me to handle.
I will take my leave now.
I need to maintain my own safety.
Otherwise, this emperor might think I’m easy to bully.
It seems I really upset the Empress.
Wait, I haven’t rewarded him yet.
It’s fine, everyone, withdraw.
Lord Shen, Your Majesty.
I was so scared just now.
I have some fine tea in my quarters.
Why don’t you come back to the palace with me for a while?
Mother, it seems I really angered Consort Rong.
He has done well in Chang’an.
I, hmph, serves him right.